CISC7204 Project Proposal Guideline
Completion requirements
Project Proposal Guideline

The following guideline should help you complete your project proposal besides the ideation indicated. It is composed of several essential components to be integrated into your proposal:

Project Topic Name
Project Purpose
Project Tasks
Project Criteria for Success
Project Collaboration
Project Title

You need to choose a suitable title for your project, and the title should be accompanied by a precisely written question to pinpoint what your project aim is all about.

Purpose

You need to provide the following project-related information:

Outcomes - Describe how this propject connects to your course learning outcomes, the major and/or to your future study or career planning.
Skills - This project will help you practice the following skills that are essential to your success in this course / in this field / in professional life.
Knowledge - This project will help you to become familiar with the following important content knowledge in this discipline.
Tasks

You need to describe what you should do to complete this project. You need to include some specific steps and deliverables.

You need to describe any guides and worksheets, and requirements to be fulfilled, in order to accomplish the project work.

Criteria for Success

You need to define the characteristics of some successful finished product(s) or deliverable(s). 

You also need to indicate whether you will provide a rubric, annotated examples of these characteristics, some checklist, or others such as a final visual to help tell your story with data collected, analyzed, and interpreted.

Collaboration Issues

For team-based project:

Indicate the expected division of work among members of a team
Indicate the ground rules conceived for group-based project work
Indicate the group structure such as who to take up the role(s) of a project coordinator, project scribe, project progress tracker, and project liasion througout the project period.